## Milestone 4 Reflection

As this is our fourth and final milestone for this project, we have implemented everything on our list, with the exception of a few stretch goals. We worked hard to implement all of the TA feedback from the previous milestones, including the variable name change, assigning groups of variables to categories, adding a map, some design changes, and more. We kept track of all of our changes and ideas in the ‘Issues’ section of our GitHub repo. Our dashboard is fully functional and should be user friendly with no known bugs or issues. One thing that we would address if we had more time, is the filtering process that could cause the app to be a bit slower because the filtering is done within each function, rather than just once outside the function. This was the best way for us to implement it with the different filtering restrictions for all of the checkboxes, dropdowns, and plot or map features. We made a significant design change with this iteration of the dashboard by changing the format of the layout, as well as the colour themes. Previously, the dashboard was entirely blue, but now there are different colours to highlight the user’s selection, as well as the primary colour of red to represent Canada, as this dashboard’s goal is to help Canadians decide where to live. Also, the plots and features were rearranged to better follow the user experience process, with the location selection or filtering first, and then the more specific details afterwards. We have spent a lot of time fixing bugs and formatting during this milestone submission, so the app should work seamlessly with no issues. We have all taken turns testing the dashboard to identify potential issues, without anything major coming to light. We were very happy to have the TA feedback to help us improve our dashboard, because we were void of creative ideas because we had tunnel vision from working on it for so long. It was wonderful to have fresh eyes on the dashboard to help us improve it. As the three of us are all potential users of the dashboard, we feel as though it functions well to help inform Canadians about the current affordability crisis, and we hope it will empower them to make decisions on where to reside. We are very happy with our final product, and we hope it will be of use to some.
